Docs for TP souce or destination multi-select and instance name/notes [PAB-4743] (#3420)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder-bundle/using-the-model-editor.md

    -   **Source or Destination Type**.
        You can select one or more of the following source or destination types (multi-selectable): **Device**, **Groups**, **Assets**, or **Other**. This selection restricts the template parameter to the chosen types. This restriction is mandatory when **From Context** is selected from the **Value Selection** dropdown.

>     -   **Value Selection**. Select one of the following options from the dropdown:

Reviewer: does it make sense to include a screenshot?

https://cumulocity-iot-c8y-docs-build-pr-3420.surge.sh/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#using-the-model-editor has a lot of content

Author: yes, I will add a screenshot here.

        -   **Required** (default). Instance deployment requires a value for this template parameter.
        -   **Optional**. The template parameter can remain blank or can be set later by the instance maintainer. When you select this option, it is not possible to specify a default value.

>         -   **From Context**. Available only for Source or Destination type. The input will be automatically chosen based on the location where the instance is created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   **From Context**. Applicable only for **Source or Destination type**. The input will be automatically chosen based on the context where the instance is created. Example: Device context or Groups context
```

Author: updated.

    -   **Source or Destination Type**.
        You can select one or more of the following source or destination types (multi-selectable): **Device**, **Groups**, **Assets**, or **Other**. This selection restricts the template parameter to the chosen types. This restriction is mandatory when **From Context** is selected from the **Value Selection** dropdown.

    -   **Value Selection**. Select one of the following options from the dropdown:
        -   **Required** (default). Instance deployment requires a value for this template parameter.
        -   **Optional**. The template parameter can remain blank or can be set later by the instance maintainer. When you select this option, it is not possible to specify a default value.
        -   **From Context**. Applicable only for **Source or Destination type**. The input will be automatically chosen based on the context where the instance is created. Example: Device context or Groups context.

>         ![Template parameter with From Context](/images/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/template-parameter.png)

Reviewer: Please use the screenshot from https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs/pull/3395 once its merged

Author: sure
